Oh. no!
My Batman's gone!
We don't have time!
So. what should we do
for dinner?
Mmm. Thai?
We had Thai yesterday.
Breakfast for dinner?
Oh. my God. I love you with
the passion of a thousand suns.
but have you lost
your goddamn mind?
God.
Gotham's really gone to shit
since the Bat Family disbanded
and the Joker quit being mayor.
Oh. no. He didn't quit.
He was impeached
after he paralyzed Babs.
I wonder how Babs is doing.
Haven't seen her
since the. uh...
Mmm. how do I put it?
The spectacular flame out
of the Gotham City Sirens?
I hate water.
Then why did you bring us
into the sewer?
This is so cold.
my nips could cut glass.
- Whoa.
- Holy shit!
Shh!
Sirens. Shh!
It's imperative we stay quiet
so we don't awaken
Enchantress' Skeleton Army.
There it is.
The Heart of Darkness.
Wait. a diamond?
You said Enchantress was
polluting Gotham's water supply
with her army's cremains.
That's what you said!
We're here to get information
on Nightwing's stolen body. remember?
Did Enchantress
poison the water supply.
or did you lie to us yet again?
I say a lot of things.
- Are they true? Who's to say?
- You!
You are to say!
We're your fucking teammates.
and yet you lie about
every single mission we go on.
- Keep your voices down.
- I'm just here because you said
I'd get to bash the boney ass
shit outta some skellies!
How dare you!
- Oh. fuck.
- Shit.
Get them!
Oh. fuck. yes!
Ha!
That necklace
has a demon inside it
and it's worth a fortune.
Another stupid gem?
This is. like.
the hundredth one
you tricked Ivy and me
into stealing!
And me. There's four of us
here. remember?
What do you even do
with all that money?
Besides pay for my penthouse
you two freeloaders stay at?
Ow!
Harley. on your right!
Ah!
Hey!
I gotta ask.
What exactly are you three?
Us four!
Uh.
we're the Gotham City Sirens.
Whoa. the Sirens.
A cat. a plant.
and some sorta clown-thing.
Honestly.
the branding's confusing.
Shit. They're right.
Like. what are we. you know?
It's like the three of us
are not really a team.
Four of us!
That's it! I am out!
I'd be better off alone.
So would I.
I'm out. too. Ciao. ciao.
Ah!
My necklace!
Guess this is the end
of the Gotham City Sirens.
Sirens. Sirens.
But it's been nice.
you know. just to relax.
Not worrying about--
I don't know.
fighting for anyone?
Yeah! You know what?
We don't need 'em.
We don't need anybody.
because. uh.
we're Harley Quinn
and Poison Ivy.
Gotham City's Best-est.
Most Titillating-est.
Most Exciting-est Couple ever!
Oh. shit. I got cream cheese
on my good hoodie.
Okay. what about pizza?
I don't know. it depends.
- From where?
- Primo 'Za or Mangia Time?
Which one has the tangy sauce?
- Primo 'Za.
- Then not that one.
Ugh.
- Riddler and Clock King.
- Ew.
Matching outfits. So sad.
Harley! Ivy!
Look at those matching outfits.
Adorbs.
Ah!
About time you joined us
for a couple's jog.
I would rather die.
Riddle me this.
What's two. yet one?
What's dead. but hasn't ended?
What passes time.
yet never moves?
Hmm. hmm.
hmm. hmm.
Oh! A couple in a rut!
Your words. not mine.
That is a shitty riddle.
Would've gotten it
with two more seconds.
Hey. you know
I'm a birthday brat.
Why didn't you come
to my party last week?
Oh. sweetie.
I didn't invite them.
You know they never
go out anymore.
Everyone knows
they've clocked out.
Okay. that is two
clock jokes now.
you're not gettin' a third.
And we go out. We go out.
We get coffee. and we go...
back to our place
and never leave and--
We. on the other hand...
Okay. That is three.
The next one gets you hurt.
...live
very active couples lives.
Bar trivia every Wednes...
And I signed us up for one of
those miniature golf leagues.
Mmm. Whatever it takes
to keep the spark burning.
Else you end up one of those
sexless. boring couples.
Not us. though.
Riddler always knows
how to make my cock turn.
Clock. I think you mean clock.
I know what I said.
Ugh. those two are so smug.
What's with their working out
and those perfect asses?
Like...
Hey. I know something fun
we could do tonight.
Welcome back to
Nite Goss with Tawny!
Me.
Ah. you're right. Ivy.
Eatin' dinner
where we sleep is fun.
I know. right?
Lois Lane is
a Pulitzer Prize winner
whose expose on LexCorp
finally sent Lex Luthor
to jail.
- Yay!
- Now. Lois.
Does Superman wear underwear
under the underwear
over the overwear.
or is it a one-and-done deal?
Um. I thought
I was here to talk
about my accomplishments.
Nope!
Is it me or did Lois
get her neck done?
Oh. yeah. they all get
their neck done in Metropolis.
Do I have anything in my teeth?
Now. you're hosting
the opening gala
of the Metropolis
Superman Museum.
Where's my invite. girl?
Sorry. it's
a Metropolis-exclusive event.
All to celebrate
our Big Blue Boy Scout.
and everything that helped him
be the hero he is.
It's the most exciting event
of the year.
Girl. don't tempt me.
This is like a comet.
a once-in-a-lifetime event!
Oh. I wish I could go.
We gotta go!
Uh. really? To that gala?
Yes! Think about it. Ive.
I mean. when's the last time
we went out on a Saturday?
I think it was...
Uh. March. of last year.
Look. you heard Lois. okay?
It's a Metropolis exclusive.
She also said
it's a celebration
of everythin' that helped him.
I saved Supes' life. remember?
And he never said "thank you."
And I am gettin'
that "thank you."
And leave Gotham?
Come on.
You're always sayin'
ya wanna go across the pond.
I meant Europe.
I don't know. You know?
Wh... What do you think.
Catwoman?
Ugh. You're going.
- Please. please. please...
- Ugh! Fine.
Gotham City's Best-est.
Most Titillating-est.
Most Exciting-est Couple
are going to the Big Apple!
It's the Big Apricot.
We're going to the Big Apricot!
- Ivy! Ivy!
- Hello!
Man. it's been so long.
I forgot what it feels like
to wear a dress.
But isn't it great to finally
wear underwear again?
I don't know about great.
but. um...
Look at everyone.
They're. like. smiling.
No one's fighting.
How do people live like this?
I can't believe how good
everyone smells here.
In Gotham. even the prettiest
people smell like piss.
Wow. they really
just kinda went all out.
It's got that
"new museum" smell.
And it'll stay this way.
as long as I get that
"thank you" from Superman.
I'm sorry.
what was that last thing?
Oh. I just said that.
if he doesn't say "thank you"
for saving his life.
I'm gonna lose my goddamn mind
and take a bat to everything!
Please don't tell me
you're making Superman's
special night all about you?
- Oh. no! But. you know. I--
- But?
Ooh. bubbles!
Uh. excuse me.
How do you get all the chunks
out of the water?
Chunks in the water?
Oh. dear. Where are we.
Gotham City?
L'Chaim.
Oh. you guys recycle here?
Hey. baby?
Look at me for a second?
Um. I feel like we should just
stick to ourselves tonight.
Just 'cause we don't
really know anyone here.
Bruce!
I knew it was you
the moment I smelled
that sweet Gotham piss.
Are ya here
for a B-A-T thing?
These days I'm focusing more
on what really matters.
My family...
business.
I decided to build the new
Wayne Enterprises Tower here.
after the last one
was destroyed by a moon laser.
Yada-yada.
I can see I'm boring you.
The real reason I'm here
is to support
my girlfriend. Lena.
She's always so busy.
It's nice to finally
have a night out together.
Well. hello there!
Ya look so sophisticated.
And age-appropriate.
You want
a medal. champ?
Giving Brucie
proper comeuppance.
Careful.
don't boss him around too much.
or else he'll fall for you.
He likes to call me Martha.
She's joking.
Uh. definitely joking...
It's so wonderful to meet
some of Brucie's friends.
I was beginning to think this
ol' grumpy Gus didn't have any.
I'm not grumpy. I'm stoic.
You're grumpy.
And don't correct me
in front of people.
Yes. right. of course.
Excuse me. everyone.
Oh. she did get her neck done.
Before we see
the man of the hour.
or should I say.
the Man of Steel of the hour...
Hmm. I can win
a Pulitzer Prize.
but I can't get a laugh.
I'd like to welcome
tonight's benefactor.
the queen bee of Metropolis
who made this museum possible.
- Lena Luthor!
- Lena Luthor?
Holy shit.
that is Lex's sister.
Thank you. Oh. thank you. all.
You are too kind.
Now. you're probably thinking.
"Gee.
Isn't it ironic for a Luthor
to fund a Superman museum?"
But I assure you.
I am not my brother.
I have a full head of hair.
Hmm. A little obvious.
but sure.
We have a wonderful night
for you beautiful people.
Including a performance by
the Cirque du Supes acrobatics.
followed by the unveiling
of the crown jewel
of our collection.
the most cherished artifact
in Superman history.
What do ya think
the artifact is?
I hope it's not the ashes
of Krypto the Superdog.
I heard he bit the Flash
and they had to... You know.
No. no. the mutt's here.
Look. look. look.
Hey. Supes! Supes!
Sup-er-man!
Supes!
He probably didn't see me.
The dude sees through walls.
That's a snub. babe.
Wha-- Screw that!
I didn't shave my pits
to get snubbed.
Help! Help!
I'll save you. Jimmy!
Ah...
Oh. never mind.
Got my bowtie jammed
in this here automatic door
and the pressure
was choking me to death.
Thankfully.
one of these new-fangled
Automaton Sentries freed me
and gave me a chocolate-mint.
Guess I don't need ya.
Mr. Superman. sir.
Ha! Oh. wow.
That's. uh. that's so great
you don't need me. Jimmy.
So great.
Supes. I want that "thank you!"
Scanning.
I could spit the mint out.
You two don't have
tickets for entry.
Gothamites don't belong here.
Ugh! You know.
screw those hoity-toity cun--
Oh. my God. This mattress.
I believe in God now.
Can we bring it to the hotel
and just watch Nite Goss.
order room service.
stay in. and just--
No! That's what we always do.
I mean. ugh.
We can't let
those yuppies win. okay?
They wanna ruin our night.
we will ruin theirs.
We are breakin'
into that museum
and stealin' their prized
bullshit thingy!
Um. okay.
We will do that.
right after this quick nap.
I don't know
how Charlie and I
will get through this.
How can I go on.
knowing he's thinking
about those big tentacles
the whole time
we are making love?
It's a perfectly normal fetish.
Oh!
You're into tentacles?
I was thinkin' about
your vines.
All right.
Oh. shit.
We need another way up there.
Ugh. if only
we could swing around
on those aerial silks
without causin' a scene.
Hey! What the hell is--
We're not paying you
to stand around.
We're paying you to swing
around on those aerial silks.
Oh!
Whoa!
Ah.
Oh!
That didn't look great.
Ah! Hmm.
Thought there'd be
an alarm or somethin'.
This city's lazy.
Hey. is that Superman?
Sadly eating cookies?
Must be his cheat day.
Drop the artifact.
If you say so.
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Kill the piss-smelling humans.
Oh. fuck off!
Sweating is the sign
of a healthy body! Ha!
Ah!
There's no greenery
in this damn museum!
Ah! Luckily.
I never leave home
without a snack.
Ah. shit.
Ivy!
Nice move.
Yeah. that was hot. wasn't it?
Ah!
Harley. on your right!
- I should help.
- Ha!
What are you gonna do. Brucie?
Let 'em have their fun.
Ah!
Holy shit. that was incredible!
I haven't felt like this
in so long.
I know. godda-- I missed
doing stuff like this with you.
It makes me wanna take you
right here and just fu--
Oh. boy. here it comes.
Give it up for the stunt
spectacular. everyone!
And now.
the unveiling of the cream
of our Superman crop.
Superman's most cherished item.
His dirty underwear?
- His first cape.
- Aw.
The very blanket
he was wrapped in
when he arrived on Earth.
Isn't it fab?
That was my second guess.
Hey. whoa. Hands off.
We gotta go. We gotta go.
She's all mine. Bye.
We're going to the hotel.
Later. Bye. Right now.
What's wrong?
Wasn't that incredible?
Aren't you excited and happy
and completely fulfilled?
Hang on. Babe. is that
what this was about?
Riddler and Clock King's
"losing the spark" bullshit?
Come on.
It's not about them.
it's about us!
We stay in all the time.
we stopped gettin' invited
to things.
Hell. I stopped wearin' bras.
and not in a sexy
"Ooh. I'm not
wearin' a bra" way.
We used to be fireworks.
and now.
we're piss-scented candles
waitin' to be all blown out.
I don't think I could
survive us blowin' out.
Harley. you sweet. beautiful.
dummy. dum-dum.
We don't need to manufacture
fireworks between us.
Us sitting around the house.
just bored?
That's the most
exciting thing I can think of.
Aw. Ives. Mmm.
So you wanna go back
to the hotel to sit around?
Ooh.
On second thought.
maybe staying in all day
isn't such a bad idea.
Mmm. No.
We're the front page
of the most prestigious
newspaper in the world!
That would be
incredibly meaningful
if it was. like. 1998.
"Join me at the
Tavern Over The Green at noon.
Lots of love. Lena."
Ah. no way. Are you kidding me?
I don't care how much
she's spent on hair implants.
The Luthors? They're bad juju.
She'll probably pay
for the meal.
God damn it. All right.
hand me my underwear.
Not really
a happenin' spot. huh?
Actually.
I rented it out.
I wanted to thank you both
for taking my gala
to the next level last night.
Enchantress' thingy?
The Heart of Darkness. huh?
Yeah. no way
I'm trusting a Luthor
who casually wears a necklace
with a demon in it.
- Come on. Let's go. Harls.
- Oh. we're going!
Wait... A demon?
I got this necklace
from Sotheby's.
Catwoman.
You're right
to be apprehensive.
Luthors are notoriously
wretched billionaires
who use their wealth
for power and self-interest.
But not me.
All I want is to make sure
Metropolis remains
the perfect City of Tomorrow.
Ivy. I must know.
what do you think
of Centennial Park?
I may have run the committee
that planned it.
I mean. you know.
it's pretty good.
You told me it was.
"the best use of green space
you've ever seen."
Okay. it's good.
But the rest of the city.
you know.
it's all chrome
and it's sterile.
There's zero greenery
elsewhere.
The museum. even.
This rooftop.
It's just... It's depressing.
Oh. God. you're right.
Okay. well. what would you
suggest we do about that?
I am Eclipso.
the Spirit of God's Wrath.
I will have my vengeance--
Oh. shit.
- Ah!
- Oh. shit.
I am so sorry. I got...
...a little bit
carried away.
- And I didn't mean to--
- Oh. marvelous!
I loved it.
- I love you!
- Okay. ew.
Oh. and I love you!
You are just
completely unpredictable!
Much obliged?
I'm sorry. so are you not upset
about the diamond?
Or the demon blood
all over your fab Gucci dress?
I was gonna
burn this anyway.
I never repeat an outfit.
Yeah. no. I...
I've only worn this once.
You two are exactly
what we need here.
Trouble? Where's the trouble?
I heard a demon.
Where is he? Let me at 'im!
Oh.
You took care of it.
Cool. Cool.
Guess you don't need me
anymore either.
Nobody needs me anymore.
I'll take one for the team.
So. I'm thinkin'
of breakin' into
the Metropolis Federal Reserve.
Uh. I just said
I'm gonna rob a bank
and ya didn't even blink.
I know you're not serious.
Your heart's beating too slow.
And with the city's new
Automaton Security System.
they'd stop you before
you even entered.
What? Those chrome-domes
didn't stop me
from breakin' into your museum
and stealin' your baby blankie.
Yeah. they did.
My blanket's still safe
in the museum.
The System calculated
that the best way to stop you
was to let you "win."
Crime isn't possible here
anymore.
That museum isn't a testament
to my achievements.
It's a tomb. and I'm a relic.
- Okay. That sucks.
- Yeah. It sucks.
Sounds to me
like you're in a rut.
You spent so long
defining yourself
by your career. your goals.
But a rut doesn't mean
life's ending. okay?
It means you need
a new beginning.
When's the last time
you took a vacation?
A few months ago.
I went to space
to alter the Earth's rotation
and turn back time
to undo Lois' death.
Okay. When's the last time
you went to space for fun?
Metropolis may not
need Superman.
but you know who does?
Superman.
Wow. You are so toned.
I've never taken a break.
Who am I if I'm not Superman?
Figuring that out
sounds like the adventure
of a lifetime.
Gosh darnit. you're right!
It's time Superman
went on sabbatical!
And I think I'll take
that cool reporter.
Clark Kent. with me.
Huh. That's the second time
you've saved me. Harley.
And still no "thank you."
And with that.
Supes peaced out.
Oh. wait. and get this.
Superman is totally
cheatin' on Lois
with some guy named Clark Kent.
So. I've heard they spend
a lot of time together.
but no one ever sees them
in the same room.
Kinda like they're hiding.
Hiding from Lois.
Ah. I can't believe
I'm saying this.
but I think I'm gonna
miss this view.
Too bad
we're goin' back to Gotham.
I think we should stay.
You wanna stay?
'Cause I was thinkin'--
Okay. we gotta stop talking
at the same time. Let me just--
While you were with Supes.
Lena made me an offer
to run the Metropolis
Green Initiative.
Oh. my God. Ives.
That's incredible!
That's perfect for you.
What is it?
You know the garden I made?
Okay.
We're gonna do that
to the whole city.
I get to turn this silver city
into the greenest place
on Earth.
They don't view me
as a villain.
They get it.
They get what I'm trying to do.
I feel the same.
I like me here.
I like us here.
Maybe Metropolis is just
what we need. a fresh start.
We should buy a condo here!
You already bought a condo.
didn't you?
I couldn't turn down the offer.
It was an 8.5%.
jumbo 50-year ARM.
Wait. what asshole would
give you such a horrible--
- Oh. it was Bruce Wayne.
- It was Bruce.
He's got a building. Yeah.
Fuck it! I'm in.
I'm all in with you.
Dang. I thought you'd need
way more convincin'
to be this spontaneous.
Ey. guess you're kinda
rubbing off on me.
Oh. and I got us appointments
with Lois' neck person.
Whoo! You hear that.
Big Apricot?
Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy
are gettin' new necks.
and movin' to Metropolis!
...movin' to Metropolis!
What. A. Mess.